Even when Kabir is unaware that Preeti is getting ready for her son she was ready to accept the other's child and named him that although his child was ready to Even after thinking, but still he was ready to accept Priti. She has sex with other men and feminists will not see it.
@Dushant Sen Absolutely !!!!! We do not go to understand just to watch a movie The director has proposed to tell the story .... It is about understanding the movie All the hearts are shown in the film, not making things up.
This illiterate means unpredictable behavior
Well being myself a 21st century modern woman, I didn't watch four more shots as I found the trailer and cast interviews very annoying. Feminism is losing it's real agenda of gender ie equality, but has become an advocate of all kinds of sexual filth. Feminism is more and more sexual freedom, I request all my fellow girls not to take away such ideas.
Looks like a ghost, real magic
@Pratik Borade just watched 2 minutes of the video you recommended and sounds like you write in your own dictionary. Sorry, but I will be following other dictionaries such as Cambridge and Mary Webster.
You are a man then you are fighting for a fool of India..no men… do you know that?
Hi Prateek, hope you are doing well. Call it a coincidence or anything, I have come across the page criticizing Kabir Singh for a designer liberal misogyny. Frankly speaking, I have only seen Arjun Reddy, and I was unable to find a trace of misogyny anywhere. If these people were worried about women, then there would be real Tharakis in our country to call out. But anyway they like Vire Di happy to marry and 4 more shots. So better ignore them and let them groan like children. The couple loved Arjun and Deepti, Kabir and Preity. Movie is the top class. Keep up the good work
Wow… Prateik Sir ur analysis is really fantastic… more people hope that u exist in bollywood critics… fk those paid critics n pseudo fummies nd kameez….
Arundhati Roy is the biggest bowl,
All Hutias on one side and Swetabha on one side.
All Libertd reviews are like ... "No woman should watch a movie" "Anybody should like a movie" "Somebody likes the film. They are a terrible person" 🤦 even if they have those statements that are really What they are not saying is that they are meaning… they do not care about the 10s of thousands of women who come out of the theater said that they loved the movie… 🤷 because they are wrong and only Are liberal feminist points of view is the ultimate truth… 🤮
Bhai bhai… .just try and replace the woman with ur sister or someone else again ..
This is a failure of the judicial system, they should make laws punishing women who misuse this law.
Now Arundhati Roy destroyed herself
If films affect society, then Kabir Singh's mark marks the beginning of a dark society
hate this
@ Pawan Kakde Dude Joker sucked. Look at my review and open your damn eyes !!
Fukboy is not good, but is not a bully either. Heterosexual feminism is dangerous and so toxic masculinity. I fully understand that there is a lot of you liberals who have been propagating hatred for feminists which is the proper coz of a lot of them, but not every idea of ​​feminism is a false symbol. 'Cool' a history of showing these things in Bollywood, the only problem with these characters is mine. I don't like the negative characters but I'm playing them all for being glorified, making them look cool. I would not even start with 4 shots, I also did not like the advancement of talking with the guy in the street so this is not a sided one. As much as I enjoy my views on nationalism, our history, I did not feel comfortable watching it. 4
As a homosexual, I would not say that this would "completely" contribute to the reduction of the population. They needed to legitimize the 2 children policy like China did. In addition, all couples should adopt at least 1 orphan instead of trying to reproduce. Only 25% of orphans are being adopted and 18 of the others will be excluded. They will be homeless. The reproduction of lots of children from rural areas should stop.
Mangal movie is amazing… sm. The district has a plow problem in the country… everything is in the way of any problem that things are really wrong…
I agree with you, but I also have a point. Before explaining my point, I want you to know that I am here to go after watching "Joker Film Analysis". I strongly believe the male character in Kabir Singh was irresponsible and does not do any reflection with real life or pragmatism. Part of this video as you later said, "If you are in relationship and your partner's self is then running as fast as possible." Don't disregard this line in your clown analysis, Where you assess / sympathize the mental state of the clown and the film is called Incredible. But in this part, the person asked of you to run like this, if we all keep running from the person, who were mentally ill then then our generation will be over. I am not saying this because everyone like Kabir Singh, I am saying this because I am depression, anxiety and personality disorder. In the film "Pradhan" the class told issue about his anger management. Kabir also has emotional / mental issues, but I think you did not convince him exactly as much as you celebrated the Joker. According to WHO, one in every 20 Indians suffers from depression; 5 out of 100. Hope you understand what I am trying to say. Peace ☮️
Hitesh Kumar is watching here on youtube. Some misanthristists are commenting using fake e.ed.som. Female mishandrist is a snake of two faces. They say that 498 should be banned, but they are in three types. Misandrist work for the development of the law against. Just pretending to be a detective of fundamentalist misanthropist. In broad daylight, but in a safe time they change their form. Solid gender equality is a misanthrope in the coat of gender [Equality .Be] (hap: //equality.be/) beware of those people and just looking at them to provide them. Them try to find out the information to the local misanthropist as gender [Equality.Like] (hap: // Equality.lik /) A detective uses a beard so he can't be IDENTIFIED. SOMETIMES use those misscrist picture and the name of the guy making the ID
Use his name as Late AR range and badge and apply for filling the same name when his visa to any foreign countries why our government is impotent and not arrest him or even revoke his passport / visa
Now, remember these English speaking monarchy congress and Hippocrate Communist common people have to shoe polish and they will find room to rest the shoe.
Did not see a video showing the degeneration of LGBT and women alike ... You guys should be ashamed! Which day do you live in the age of RU? Hope I spam such a video.
@ Pratik Borade Bhai I have a master's degree in physics from IIT KGP. Seriously friend reads books you need. I'm not laughing at you either. I pity you. I pity myself for wasting my time on some dumb Yutubar. Hussey's letter? Some one please just kill me i can't take it anymore
I'm thinking that u r reviewing a movie or just access to paltical agenda.
Nikita Tiwari Hey Miss Nikita, are you one of them who is gay and want to join the army? Or does any of your flies have members who are gay? My middle finger salute to you commenting.
What about the Conservatives is one sided on all sides and is not ignorant.
The basic ideology behind liberals and feminists is not wrong, but a lot of people who consider their representatives of these views are wrong. Everyone always remembers that
What a vacuum witch's mind, may the product of May be so-called badge. Such mean people, the Booker Prize becomes disgusting!
I agree with this girl's comment, God does not punish them for who you are. People do this secretly to the Pandits and Malvi Sahab and Pastor Sir does it inside the churches world wide hahaha hypocrites
Everyone should go and see this movie. This is a big slap on these idle people.
All along the government waiting forever to keep its mouth closed to interfere with it's intelligence
Taking notes from the fight club, Tyler Durde is the crook and the coolest character ever, but the author only says that he is a negative character and not a character but Kabir Singh takes the inspiration in things to end up in favor of him, saying Kabir Singh It's nothing wrong
I just hate this film although I have no hatred or doubt about Shahid's acting. She really nailed her role. But this type of film is not made for India. Producing nothing in Bollywood is just nonsense movies with a small pinch of 'love'. They need to grow up. Even Indians need to grow.
This is the reason why no run-of-the-mill mistake ... This is why he has educational problems
If you still think that Bollywood garbage is there then watch the trailer called "Srimanarayan's exploits"
Toxic Sexy '' New ''
By filling our lungs with smoke and then dying of cancer? How do you think men should be
I love films like Kabir Singh. Why? This reduces competition. After watching KS many teenagers and adults also started following her. They just destroyed their next 3-4 years. More competition.
Sucharita Tum Ugly Bark about some good movies are ugly, but at least not
Bangladesh as long as India entertains, we will have such problems. In the name of the accused show how a religion wants to implement their teachings on society, which itself is corrupted. This case really shook me. The West Bengal administration also did not support the common man, whether it was Madhyamgram, Kamduni or Park Road matter. I am ashamed
Those who say that "movies do not affect in real life" do not know that we are India and we have made temples of actors and we hunt them like a deity.
She is provoking people against the government by saying that we should not give the remaining 4 years time for the present government…! That is a thread for national security ... welcome the opinion, but there are important proofs you can't say anything without any ... We support BJP and Modi ji in every possible way .... !!!!! 4
The Supreme Court knows how the wife abuse law.
I was on the verge of being influenced by my (gay) almost everyone's perspective. Other films like Rani and Mulk Main Koz had opposite takes on these 2 films. But this one knocked me away. My work is done. I can not continue forward. God bless you and your customers.
R. You are calling this Chutia Chopra in YU debate. He did not know anything. I could not even let Poyen have a job in my office
Back to railway station
Weapons in the hands of girls, see the results
I think he is mental.
T series and indian is really gay
** I stopped watching Bollywood movies after watching Gangs of Wasseypur **
I think you're so sad. You don't understand consent '
True brother… 70% definitely Chutiyapa Bollywood.
The perfect name for Bollywood is porn wood or copwood.
No terrorism or any natural calamity will be required to destroy mankind .. If people like, appreciate and believe such characters, destruction will automatically happen in the end ...
Feminist = Modern Age Fascist
Also, it depends on the audience what kind of film they take. The actor was a lunatic and because of that he had to face the consequences but failed to see people but ignore the major behavior of this actor. Also not every count that feminist in the stupid category. I appreciate romance but not insanity after the breakup.
@Moon Star There have been some unwanted guests in your house… only you are earning your wife…. Working hard to improve the financial situation of your family…. When did you come to these guests who were uninformed? Will keep up ... using yourself and your children's resources and contributing nothing to your family? In front of the Supreme Court .... these issues are kept for a long time. Despite the unresolved suggestion that they should be resolved immediately ..... Above all whether it is right to mislead these guests and tell them Is for .... you can fight with family members on us and here illegally ..... shame we call him intellectual .....
Runun Mandal is a very bad woman
We should never suppress a completely corrupt freak like Arundhati!
Feminists talk about rights all the time. It would be awesome to have horrible feminists. Talk about responsibilities as non-feminists too.
I wonder what feminists have said after watching the Fifty Shades trilogy
I can relate to this to some extent with us. I do not understand the motive of this type of woman and her parents. They parent themselves how they can .... be like this? How they inspire their children is no reason to persecute others. What is the purpose of his life ???? It is beyond my comprehension.
Dear brothers and sisters, I hope you all get my message well. In April I arranged for my sister's wedding last year. We were all happy and provided some gifts in the form of money and material (according to the demand of the groom). After a few days of marriage she was beaten by her husband and in laws for dowry. We have tried very carefully many times because we are from the Brahmin society and we cannot break the marriage. Then we went for many times after police action and other things but they become innocent when we go to these functions and after few days they start beating again and torture my sister. One day he told Bhaiya, "If I have to stay a few more days, I will die because of their torture and painless beat". Then I decided to go to the police and justice. We have lodged an FIR after so much resistance from the police. We turn around for about 10-12 FIRs. Finally filed FIR in May 2017. But then the police took a lot of money from them. An action has not been taken against the police so much that they can feel guilty about what they did. How can anyone tell that the police will take action seriously? Now there is more in the police, what is the curation to do? India has a dowry situation. I bet 99.99% can not be married episode boy. Girl married without dowry. Because dowry not only dowry IT status also.
The so-called feminists try to be better. They are afraid of equality. Please, to bring equality. This is why it is important and beneficial for society.
First of all @ Ekta Saikia my words were harsh then I am sorry… I am a researcher in engineering by profession and I only believe in facts and only for technical reasons. Therefore, the behavior of any male depends entirely on how his parents can teach him and what he has taught at home, and nothing can change. Once opinion especially movies if we teach everyone that its not real and its just for entertainment and imagination. Please do not feel so aggressive because you are also doing the best of man whom you can trust but boys can be friends. One more thing like iron man, so what does it mean ...? Should I start jumping from buildings to follow him? Its brought us lessons about madam, from where we are quite capable to learn what to decide and what not to do ... because he will see the way some men are bad then nothing can be done If negativity is around and only such people will do wrong things, jail is the right place. [#Plus] (Hup: //w.utube.com/results? Search_query =% 23Plus) Approach in my understanding.
The film has lots of flaws besides liberals and feminism .... comment back if you don't agree
@Davanshu dodia this is not about seeing someone else's point of view it is about understanding another's perspective ...... read it twice and think carefully
It is a shameful thing. Such a shame on your part.
Completely a waste of time .... this is not a movie review not at all.
Hello Bitch Lazanya.
It was great sir, she loved ruining the value of these so-called Femist relations and committing commitment.
Whoever made this video, will be born as a transgender in their next live. I wish
You know what feminism really is ????? I think you only know about Pseudo-Feminism. And that feminists are bad for society ?? True? !!! 4
😂😂😂 Who advocated him to the Supreme Court
Agree with you !! Nowadays, these things are just to attract attention!
Eunuchs eunuch
Item songs are ruining our culture. 1 woman is also a dance among many people. This one is so pathetic. And humiliation of women.
I think she is half crazy.
First of all being aborted and before the birth and stop the killing of Throwing Daughters, there will be many people for trying them in the garbage cans
There is nothing that I can consider as dance. It seems slowly after a few moments someone feels flustered and creepy.
Blind law = foolish law
** Some Chutias will still talk, they will say that this is not 'Shahid's fault, look at Shahid's acting skills, he was just playing a character of a spoiled boy, regional, authority, self-destructive, angry man. ... don't take it too seriously, just enjoy Shahid's acting **
The problem is not the slap scene ... the problem is praise !!! And on top of this in your words you said that it is not necessary that men should always be portrayed as saints in films accordingly it is not necessary that women should be portrayed as pure and innocent! Since the inception of films men have enjoyed with screen space in movies and got away with being introduced to heroic and masculine molestation, pressing or objectifying women, our leading ladies have fun !! Else be wrong, wrong no matter who comes from sex and staying neutral but not justifying a man, character and exalted male ego and their superiority !! But on a more serious note I don't think every liberal or feminist comes from one just as how every conservative does not come from one instead of hate men instead of women hate !! Let the night be where they are, ideologies need to be used !! Why is it so important to be rude, timid and regressive along with people? Extremists (liberal or anti-liberal) following an ideology matter for that !!! Let's be more welcoming of change for the better and accommodating of age old traditions which are really good and holistic !!
They are emotional choots! 4
They can redeem ThemSelf by releasing another film from POV to show Preity that everyone is being misused and being dumb.
I have seen this film yesterday, I do not feel anything wrong but the way Kabir approaches Preeti was not good.
@SamJ I think, either you know that there is no English or you just don't want to understand. I have clearly stated that I love equality and also when you ask about the superiority you answer that I never consider myself above as any woman or men I believe in equality. Even if the "these people don't know" kind of comment, what is it? God bless you.
Fuck Lutyens but go to the center of Baniya Modi Shah Earth. They are insulting to humanity. Bania Modi Shah's dirty thinking on Hindu Muslims
@What says thank you bro. But I do not want to see a film that glorifies alcohol abuse and toxic masculinity. My mind creates anger in the trailer itself. Better to leave it. There is nothing against others who see it.
Overeacting
According to him it has a bad effect on society as it is glorified liquor and after seeing drugs..likes gangs started killing people on gangs randomly in the streets.
South Indian films are also remakes of Bollywood films, but yes most of the flim Bollywood are now dirt
@Pratik Borade but Prateik Sir I am against the glory of him
He is a Pakistani father whose blood he must have inherited.
What the fuck "your" lol idiot i think its for him
Continues… Our exceptionally dull and incompetent judiciary drag in false cases for these years, albeit they very well come true. All these years the husband and his family members live life like hell. They are blackmailing, extracted, life threatening. And all this women in the name of fake empowerment because this unconscious feminist does pudding-whole work. Why should the law be gender-based and not crime-based? Look around honestly and see who suffers more: men or women.
Completely honest review. We need such honest people in today's generation who can tell us how these industries are brainwashing youngsters. Twisting feelings and emotions just proclaim your sick agenda, and money to make more. Humanity is at stake. We need people like you, but to keep the youth on the track. Well sir.
Beautiful film and I don't care about the social impact. Sounds like you think that Joker-like films Martin Scorsie and others movies will be bad
We all knew that the film was a little over the top. The main issue was selective outrage from the feminist brigade. They portray some of the films as Critisse as the main and male main characters as Despicable. But at the same time they encourage toxic female behavior in films. Who treated their male counterparts as dog shit. We somehow had to defend Kabir Singh. There was no other way around.
Then why did he sign the film ???
Anyone in Bollywood is out there daring to make a path breaker. Like all men as psychological or sci fi thriller idiot lovers without imposing or portraying any hype, they have nothing to achieve more than that. Without even copying a Hollywood movie?
Sir i respect u very much. But I am here to review Kabir Singh, not the review of moderate people. Please review the film. Thank you.
Attitude and attitude
S What is happening to this, if the 498A is not controlled. Man is happening in this country on the way to fall in the dirt pit. Youth are at risk due to life 498a. Be careful before getting married. Marriage "good women" not "the devil" because the devil's face will be able to change anything anywhere.
After so many days I see this chutiya face. Wow dude you only persist as much as you were before. Get well soon
Sir i really hate this movie because i really have to face kabir singh and face in real life and suffer all the consequences.
All crazy sexual tharki logs are gay, lesbians. Dates pure lust no love..e wonder if mother and father need any law to show their love? My brother, my father SME gay Mishra loves any law imposed by Chief Justice Deepak. Gay or love encounter1..they dont need u to be gay just trying to satisfy ur SMEs sexual reality bastard by hiding behind LGBT laws.
what rubbish. Illiterate people have morality. All those who are brainwashed together may be going around in the dirt world, which are phisopaths. But nobody, in some sense, is against violence in any way. So they think Rok Bulit.
Hello Prateek, You have said in many videos about the importance of having an opinion and have the right to express. Now an opinion depends on different views, situations, beliefs, backgrounds, relationships, experiences etc. at a very personal level. Difference on every aspect of life is the very essence of human existence. I personally agree with many of my ideas, but at the same time dont agree with some opinions. My question is why is it so important to put a tag or those who have different views to label or dont agree with your viewpoint? Why would everyone (who does not share opinions as yours) be a 'Feminazi', 'liberal' etc.? Don't you think we should be respectful and courteous to the audience (and therefore because we are all educated and well-read people in a public domain)? Aggression is good when one-dimensional anger is cleverly and certainly not applied. The symbol that is used to review the Apu trilogy with love, care and where is the utmost humility?
KK is not a problem as the population of Eldredi is 130 crores. This country can reduce it a little bit without hassle from LGBT, what is the problem? 4
I badly agree with you
Your opinion really matches my opinion when I have seen Arjun Reddy. Original editions of Kabir Singh. This is the stupidest film shortage of valor.
1 is on the feminist trend list, so the answer to that is to do u rough it sir
Totally wrong story… I do not have it… I should not have killed my wife… She has to tell everything to her wife about him instead of committing this crime… I One feels real gay couples [thirty.ight] never do this (hap: // thirty.ight/) just the story was imagined that doesn't exist and can't happen in real [life.so] (hap : //Life.so/) I don't like this movie .. that's why I dislike this movie.
LGTB is not jaggery for anyone, because it is a very bad harmful thing that non LGBT is also dangerous for people.
Kraken @ Aspect We want to know your opinion about Veere Di wedding. How many girls have become like those 4 from the movie ??
He looks like a fox from a drought-affected area ............ He is not a bitch brought up by a good parent
Brother, you said a lot of porcupine. The world has become the clown of liberals and feminists. They have problems with everything. I am a big fan of you and your honesty.
Why make movies if movies are like our real life? No entertainment, unique problem, just to know that this is not reality and we have to stop being screwed
@Samya thakuryo right now. Ignoring the realism here. Feminism means equal rights dose note, now it's just a way to spread any event. Check is just a way to spread the event and while we are at it, liberalism is also just a word But what has happened, these liberals are trying to break India
The trailer was Hi Jhand. Bollywood is garbage except 10 ℅ movies
@Meghna S you are mixing Ting..Sanju was a biography .. and was a director .. to show the life of Sanjay Duty, then he has criticized Sanjay Dutt for being true to what ever he has been in life .. But this is a fictional film .. Here the director was the show WoT he ever wanted to show .. Working with the mass media is a big responsibility .. Director should be more careful about that. We are learning about the hypocrisy .. We must learn to respect every kind of opinion .. Recognizing the opinions of people and tagging them with names are unnecessary .. This channel is exclusively for review movies and we are all here Come to that .. Do you really think that Vedio was such an imperative ?? Or shall we pick it up as a paid publicity stunt !!!!
Leonardo DiCaprio's purchase of his on-screen wife in Wallstreet's Wolf. Feminists = Ong Leo is so beautiful that she deserves an Oscar for this. Shahid Kapoor plays an intense role of Kabir Singh. Feminist = hatred of this woman, patriarchy male dominance, supernaturalist, supremacist ... L&L
Politics + Media + Religion + Nuclear Weapons = Destruction
We are the people who do not expect better than to watch the movie "Bhai"
Nowadays, instead of taking about you, discuss about feminist and liberal films in detail.
I keep away from such films [13:26] (haps: //w.utube.com/watch?v=N_zmqmjos0&t=13m26s) best ^ _ ^
Brother, well done, United Nations Radio did not give a review on Arjun Reddy.
This Roy woman should be allowed to enter India ban she is messing up that mess with true Indians Jaihind
Indians live with movies
Biggest holiday on youtube
Lamo 🤣🤣🤣 brother world does not revolve around these bunch of fools, the best thing we can do is ignore and progress, all they want is attention! We do not give cry if they will. Let's promote and practice our culture, Purna Dharmam on Sanatan! We will make progress. Do you know some of the best Telugu movies which are filled with our culture, and some movies are old but it will see makeup reviews on people and admire it and I am sure you will enjoy it, \ - Shankar Baranam, -Sagara Sangamam, -Godavari, Khaleja, \ - Swati Mutyam
Lol…. What can you expect from people like villagers…. They cannot see beyond their black pens… !!
Is Arundhati in league with Wahabi trying to dismember group India?
Yes I only liked Shahid's performance ... but this hate hate hate hate film ... I hate it more after watching the interview of the director of this film partner ... he's Krazzi and himself a Kabir brain
Bollywood immature ironically destroys us
Bad message and a bad movie
You should do research on what feminism is and instead of spreading feminism its illogical times were seen.
@Werewolf • More customers don't mean bigger brains!
to be honest. Your thinking is your own opinion .. It does not mean it is fact / reality. Although I respect your opinion I think u also learn learning respect as well as other opinions.
This is the right way to do serious ........ or really this film is meaningless ............... 😇
All it takes is one Malayali woman to bring down the whole country.
Who cares about the workers …… Do not they insist on them too much…
Rajdisp knows that Nrp has already been debated and discussed in the Parliament House. He says that he doesn't like the word Urban Naxal. He never condemned Rahul Gandhi's watchman thief
Probably the most inaccurate video on YouTube ever. Seriously what kind of intuition or message is this video by thirty.get down.
Why do you think the West gives the Nobel Prize. It is the people who side with them and fulfill their agenda.
Similarly, liberals should stop bashing everything else. It is a mutual co-existence. And true, liberals are insidious. We saw silent liberals during Sanju film release, now they have problems with Kabir Singh. So really their motives can't be trusted
Who are these people who disliked even before watching?
I hate this movie too
Most non-sentiment reviews. Wrong conception from the film and you. Really surprising coz I liked this other review video
3 dislikes .... three of those wives who seem to have filed false cases
This movie about gay people is nonsense. How can you come up with a gruesome video like this. Shame on you
Strange how this only happens in North India especially in Hindi speaking states. Destroyed Hindu culture is fashion, Salman Khan can run over people and kill animals no one will say anything. So weird north india
This film tells us that he is not with you if you fall in love with someone and all that needs to be done is that everyone has drinks and drinks.
This film is just a waste of time. This movie is only film for the immature people, who is not distinguished between love and lust.
Ranga badge parents of leftists and Lutyens .....
I hate bollywood movies
I completely agree with you. you nailed it. Kabir Singh should not be celebrated. It gives a wrong message to people. Finally watch the film with a loot of this criticism and you raised very valid points. The supporters of this film have no place to hide and would have left no counter argument.
Three words for those liberals who think they can change my mind according to their thoughts "I don't know care" because I don't allow anyone to impose my views on me.
This is why I have stopped watching movie companion movie reviews…
My last comment: I do not think it is to forcefully correct the themes of feminism and liberals, in every video, this video ie shake the moral purpose of the film review. After watching for 5 minutes: his videos are great. you are great ! Jai Hind ! Vande Mataram
These are some of the critics, (Quint, Film Companion) Tut hi pyaaye like film pe hai tu shudh bollywood me ho trillion film. Log in, they are saying that they are very polite to Preeti's character. I did not think but to see. Basically he was done keeping his points, and stuck to them. Other's own analysis opinion is absolutely correct. Great review.
You will reap so much as you sow ... The Innocent husband has been prosecuted for legal terrorism and he showed the real meaning of it ...! Very good...!!!
Yes, right, because tigers can sign a legal contract. stupid! Furthermore, decriminalizing gay sex does not mean gay marriage is not legal yet.
Cheapest message I ever saw on YouTube
In the Kabir Singh film, she decided to have Kaira as her GF without worrying her, what a level of female empowerment.
Emotions should be analyzed. Or are you really a slave to your feelings.
You are also not completely pure. You are exaggerating so much.
Alcohol should be banned completely. Administration and police should be strict and such actions should be dealt with iron hand. People should be alert and aware. Bengal is becoming increasingly infernal.
Opposition not liberal but people of Bajrang Dal, Shiv Sena, Karni Sena and adversaries oppose Romeo team gang film
Gay sex should be banned ..........
Calf Dirt. You fucking mind. Homosexuals are not criminals. Show the wrong image to this video
Those people who were promoting it, I wish their parents were also in favor of them, so those stupids would not have been born.
Yes u are right… but about 90% of women supports men without knowing anything and these people have no idea what men are getting over men by women all over the country… .
Nonsense Movie..but Shahid Kapoor's performance was superb
Those husbands' parents died .... They destroyed the life of this man .. So they have to agree completely to punish in this way
I do not have problems with the love part of this film but with gross negligence. In his profession he is also a doctor.
[#Bestryweaver] (hp: //w.utube.com/results? Search_query =% 23bestriver)! 🔥 [#Logical] (hp: //w.utube.com/results? Search_query =% 23 Logical) These feminists and liberals have been ... immature .... don't know, so they go to see adult movies. When they are not mature.
Is this Arundhati Roy a brain? That insistence is being rebellious, in the serious business of organizing and putting the nation to run for the country to provide false information to members of the government at large. What is your occupation in this? He should be sent.
Every one of the imperfections found in the world and the argument against them is a hypocritical bus just like you asshole. A movies are based on how engagement you are watching the situation, not recognizing their morality ... how to react to the story and the characters be dumb? I really thought this was a good channel.
Hello sir .... Kabir Singh is a good thing ... u don't know how many families are destroyed by drinking .....
First of all we have to watch the movie for the time we only own..very entertainment can't judge the film if we are not getting anything out of it (I'm talking separately) .. I have some Rai but agree with Shwetabh Bhai for Kabir Singh. Annalisee..Besikali movie has lots of other elements to talk about the main character is visible from the scene and on the film we are sorry my mind so I am sorry we The film and real life are not condensed to me..you have to be very practical about yourself, society, film and thirty days of the day .. And like life money does not go on these movies for the person ... next person does different. Are..it is right or wrong, but different perception is not about the same.
Toxic feminism is the best comedy ever happened to the world. And now India too, let's have fun with it
It also seems like Arundhuti's mother lied about her father, I mean what he thinks of her father.
The channel was launched about the film review and gradually this political drama goes away.
@Reishita Pandey and yes feminism does not need its own certificate. My family and all the close ones are therefore happiest with the f # '£ off attitude and behavior.
Arokam Mohila very bed
Law does not deliver justice, taking law into the hands of citizens !!!
@Ajay Singh By using this trick they are trying to divide us ..
Nick with the video… n now a days boys only tht soo call bed rhyme shit dont want it all better…
What if you can't stand someone trying to restart your life. I think you're fucking jealous
You are right But people should understand that they are going to watch a movie only for entertainment. I think intelligent people do not get influenced by such films. People also loved the film because of Shahid Kapoor's acting. He should also play inspirational movies too. The list of all those actors who have played garbage movies, also played inspirational movies too. The only problem is that the list of good movies are few. So, the main problem is that most people want an excuse for themselves and act like the characters in the film. Some people are not aware that they are being affected. And some people, followers of those groups who cannot speak out like Swayab Saheb, even if they are, they know the truth.
Great way to justify an unrealistic character as if he is his father
@Gaurav Srivastava This is true. But the film partners are more members, and more viewers. If they put such negative views on society it is better to oppose them.
@Shazeb Khan Jehadi Spoke
Yes, you can take a dowry with an open hand like you.
Man I could not agree more .. Each and every word which you said here is the same thing. I thought that Wayne des barking, so called feminists .. !!
I just really really hate this guy
I congratulate the brave husband for taking such a brave act. I also a victim of 498a. I cannot take this step for the sake of my son who is being held for him illegal detention. I have been suffering from this pain for a year and a half. I will fight till the end but not compromise.
I want to ask a singer like Sona Mahapatra but tell me one thing, when U sang "near Bedardi Raja Zara Aaja" ... U were singing Lulebi? What were u promoting? I liked the song, good voice good beats .. that's it. U must have to sing your best put song. And making music for ur husband, Sri Ram Sampat Yad Delhi Bailey ... Rember "Bhaag DK Bose" song. What was that encouraging? Shahid Kapoor has acted brilliantly. Praising his acting skills likewise took applause for the song U ur. Going on the basis of their logic, people who saw .. 'Gangs of Wasseypur' should have gone on a murder spree ... using dirty language .. smoking weed ...
I also hate movie quarter
Shitty story. A transgender going to x with a gay guy ?? 4
This review is nonsense
We want liquor banned in West Bengal.
I have not seen this movie, but I am trying to imagine the wedding of the lead characters .. Kriti dead 🤣 passion never healthy because of angry Kabir..they are watching so that matters and other extramarital affairs The issues in our society is only fiction because of thirty..3 film
Emblem, bull's eye! Well you just shut them up
I completely agree on all the points u sir highlighted, but i would like to add a point. According to me, why should the film not be displayed like Kabir. It is revealed how a person loses everything. He just loves the bocks of his attitude and comes back only after a slight improvement in his attitude.
I am in awe of my ability to turn every film review into anti-liberal blaming.
She is completely crazy
And I became an anti-feminist. The way feminists attacked this film made me crazy
Aruzadhati Roy is a cocaine addict. He is only doing this for money to buy more, because he ran out of money. Such a pity .. Take her to the dedication center.
Bollywood and Indian emotions are the worst. Isn't it like we are in a relationship, it's love
How dumb is Neha Gupta! Which is saying u can't arrest but not otherwise only in real cases
I saw it yesterday and frankly speaking I did not like it. And frankly I'm not a feminist. Actually strongly hated fake feminism. Hero Heroine is in love with each other, but the family does not want to force them to marry, the heroine marries someone else, Devdas turns into a hero and finally and they meet, live with bliss. The story is now cliche and old but the makers of the film added rage, kissing scenes, alcohol and lots of ending stereotypes. Nothing new or new.
Are u a film critic ?? Or social worker ??? Pls keep a review of your political and social agenda separate
People like Arundhuti Roy should be sent to the Pacific Ocean
They only want to gain some fucking thoughts Yaad Tere Naam scene, which mentions about the scene in which criminal Salman Khan was kidnapped by the heroine to explain his love.
Please stop misinterpretation of public response. Someone spoke against the celebration of the body .. true love .. pl how it spoke .. also against the rage that is presented in the film demonstrated passionate love .. no body that spoke against ... Libedism The most inevitable change of society is .. Apart from bashing and being disappointed about it, try to accept it…
Where was the review? The whole video in it was just about the logic of feminism… I was expecting my regular kind of film review… and you can do separate videos for such discussions. . I don't get my followers since I started Rong..i but I request it to review different videos and opinions about other issues ..
I think ordinary girls dig their graves, coz loves any demon
@Parhata Pracheta No you are not foreigners, everyone is different in one way or the other.
Hey, God!!! 2K Dislikes from Designer Liberals and Feminazis
Well, okay homosexuality is valid, but don't perform in public by, maybe like every other human being normal, all you have to do is walk together in a room. But do not work like Despo. Public looks weird and ugly
Yes, his license is canceled for five years, but that is enough for all his negligence
The main point of the film was about a man with anger issues who is unable to move on from someone whom he truly loved. They are different due to the prevalent stereotypes. Sandeep Reddy Wanga studied psychology himself, and he beautifully presented a story about a brilliant and intelligent surgeon's fall and his resurgence. Scene where he does not want to plead not guilty because his professionalism is the only thing his father respects is very passionate about him and brings good nature of Kabir / Arjun. But the liberal will not see you. We live in a country where college in student life all along, expensive cars, flashy dance numbers are shown in. They look like students just fum or maxim photoshoot but hatred ended up being a true and real love story. film!
There is nothing in this film that women can amaze any boy especially for this. The movie can be good .. After doing so many X's they finally want something that is a new came and Acknowledge them with your dark secret that y women are most like shit .. and the disappearance from this pathetic drink one common man scene of the relation of a woman dr! this much only !
You my mind very brave and fair opinion, like many Bollywood T * tati Tati Spice Parata Parata ... and they idolize these idiots, realizing that without these actors are using the Oli Sheep crowd for money and fame
There is a reason that actors are called as "heroes" in India. Idk what people are going to learn from such a terrible character.
This is why Rununs is not at fault that his education is at fault
Bravo Jahangir bhai ... great job ... let's learn the law, the police and these bloody feminists lessons ... men will be men ... I don't see any problem with my anger ... he did it right Is ... congratulations ...
You are an Eliterat people. Hahaha Supreme Court did not approve of same sex marriage. It is only allowed sex in privacy and you can happily walk down the street with your partner.
Man thinks without any involvement of sex if the world would be different
I was so curious about the way this film became so famous when I thought about watching it when it premiered in TV. I get bored with the interval. I am really surprised how so many people liked this film. I agree with you that this film is far from reality and this feminist logic is also unconscious. I didnt like this one again seriously cut.
Perfect man… Bollywood generation has been fooled… We do not want to get trapped and realize that Bollywood is a major item of men and women in particular…. And there Chutia Laonde, whatever Not for good but as Kabir Singh, dreaming of buying a movie ticket himself and want to be able to replicate his actions in society .... I can't imagine what will happen when all the youth Kabir Singh turned to be what it is like to show movies .. Finally, thank you a ton for making this video and I really appreciate your efforts to make some sense to those youngsters .. .. to continue my best work… I want to see a billion / 7 million membership for Mensutra… .I am highly recommending my channel to all my friends dont family and young .... the best of luck and lots of love ...
More we look at this woman Arunditi, the common man, she is the reincarnation of Ravana's sister Suprankha ..
In the film, Kabir Singh slaps a woman. In real life, Kabir Singh is a slap of feminists who are simply not able to relate with the conditions of their masculinity.
These liberals and leftists are worse than transgender because as long as transgender is something their morality but leftist and not liberal. They live with transgenders and should learn some lessons from them.
Love at first sight basically means that you are a very horny and shallow person.
Why do people take films so seriously ?? Haha .... just grab popcorn, watch movies, bliss and fuck that.
Initially she talks about Hindu and other topics …… what about background music, cinematography, music, character….
She is sister of mamta
Bollywood Kabir Singh Svetabh Gangwar Bhosdike the most genuine channel on YouTube
"We are a generation of men raised by women, I don't think a woman is the answer we need." - Brad Pitt (Fight Club) Like feminists "How dare she say that, women LifeSource is Men and its Unreasonable .... [#meto] (hap: //w.utube.com/results? Search_query =% 23meto) [#destroymood] (hup: //w.utube.com/results? Search_query =% 23 Destroyhood)
Bollywood is basically 10 percent people want to set a legend of this cry that the nation does not want anyone with a brain
That uncle who is shown [00:52] (haps: //w.yutube.com/watch? W = zzodak1k = 0m 52s) looks like them Uncle Trees who has boys Lil Fux from his family.
Wow! He looks like a deranged homeless person!
This is a love story of two chutias and a true friend who always supports you, even in the worst phase of your life, you are a total asshole.
Congratulations!! Drink some Soya Milk Beta Male Liberated
I really don't know that people don't have very poor options
Movie is all bullshit !! .... but Shahid's acting is all I like in it !!! .... Ruddy Story ...
You are watching the film in a completely negative way. I understood that it does have a negative effect, but you are not giving a balanced analysis.
I think you like Banda Apna Hain to grow Kashmir .. I think all the times I mean everything that links everything to Hindutva and feminism.
Just what you need… When you watch a promotional film and you are the only person who sees the complete nonsense in the clue characters… and you speak when it was the same Shahid film for the people around. .Full nonsense ideas is all about being presented in the society through movies….
Sucharita Tyagi Best Answer to Fake Feminist
To legally abuse a man without getting the woman into a weapon woman is in trouble with the law for misuse. Politicians are so desperate about the love of the woman that they will be paired with this type of law?
Ravish Kumar does not know the ABC of journalism
Imagine Fight Club has now been released. Could there be feminists reactions?
I do not know why I do not know, but I do not like to sing, I do not like poor people, I do not like respect attitude
He was sleeping with Ranga and the badge and that Swara Bashkar had gone to Fingering. See for yourself.
You are not mistaken, you are just ignorant.
Looks like you didn't understand "Kabir Singh". Also, it seems that you lack the basic knowledge to review a movie. Kabir Singh is a powerful film. I know it's got its own faults but still a very raw film. Also some points raised by you are valid where as others are just bullshit. We see stories of others, especially love stories, as we do for Indians. If you want to see real stories better stick to news channels, NGC, search and documentaries etc. Kabir Singh is an offbeat maniacal love story which you understand. Watching the film once again will get you the answers to your questions.
Mutual funds were released saying Kabir Singh is toxic masculinity, where you were when Ranjhana was, that Sonam slapped Dhanush is unnecessarily feminine that is not toxic, take separation for example, husband sells for money, that moral Is good for a man and coming from a woman
Bollywood also made great films like Super 30, Chhichhore, Yudh. Better to try and watch good movies instead of Shitty Housefle 4
We all knew that the film was a little over the top. The main issue was selective outrage from the feminist brigade. They portray some of the films as Kritisse and Neetra as the main male characters of the main character. But at the same time they encourage toxic female behavior in films. Who treats his male counterparts as crap crap as we somehow had to defend Kabir Singh. Was there any other way around
When I saw this movie on the first day, a book booked my air ticket to Hyderabad, when I came here I found a picture of him with his friend that is called he is my best friend only and we did nothing . My life fuks me here daily and 3 monts after the incident he broke up with me.
@Pratik Borade makes at least some real reference, what dull self-certified video ??? And the conservative means which along with embraces the country's culture flaws. With not just political propaganda of perfectionism, the universe is not perfect as in this.
This man has husband material. 💕 where there are people like this 🥺
If there is misuse of the law it should have happened
Arundhati Roy is a sex mad woman who is just a despo.
This is just a film. Take it as an entertainment material. Do not try to create a maneuver of publicity.
If you hate movies like this, why do you watch them?
People are Iltrat. They really like mental and physical abuse and violiness against women.
The audience does not accept the organic and unique content about the films in Bollywood..that is why in this very era of mainstreamim, like projects like Bhavesh Joshi, men do not have pain etc. and many more (including Anurag Kashyap's Movies) do not get the recognition they deserve!
After 75 years of robbery, someone is trying to do something good. This tax Semis is good unforgivable for the country, especially Apni Modi. Who is Arundhati Roy, what is this? What does he think he is a worker? shame shame.
I am a man, but I am a gay at heart and I was born that way. So, any gay woman who would be interested?
Proud to be a Muslim and a Pakistani.Indian human being is out of my mind ... lol pakistan zindabad
1.7a Dislikes Librandu Dogs 😂 ... Relaxed .....
Bollywood is a nonsense .. Brother-nephew is on top of it… Watching intelligent things happy
Feminists don't like strong alpha mail characters 🤣🤣🤣
Stupid story 😑😡
1 - No you are not .. He loves Turli so he kissed in front of his family members in his house is a respectable man to love a woman! 2 - He accepted his ban coz he knew that if he wouldn't then drink would be Habbat then it was a clever dation to continue! 3 - She slapped her lefty in the arms of someone else for the very right reason. Khushi .. Couldn't get any information how she is .. and where she is! 4 - One act of losing is that he himself could not talk to his family for marriage then Kabir does here to convey the fool, if not his family is not sent to his family, then both of them agreed to this relationship Leave your home and court leave marriage simple! Perfect feminist!
Keep your views biased ,,,, but the strange thing is that you don't think your biased
If you see his face in the morning then you cannot get food throughout the day.
Feminists are not troubled by the water crisis, but upset with Kabir Singh!
In their right mind who likes another man's defecation that is disgusting if your gay smells his hands after you dump one and tell me whether you love ill fucks
Who says, Kabir Singh is a 'composition'. What do you think about these nonsense films compared to interstellar begin Dangal Bahubali
About Jairam Akkina, I had to write the same thing, imagine the same story written by someone who is from the Bollywood director, so it will be considered Cult classic. I am not saying Arjun Reddy / Kabir Singh is cult, but it is till now Better than many films are called as hits.
You are right darling ... Bollywood shows are completely crap satisfied. Bollywood is also responsible for Pyaar Zehad
Shahid Kapoor has clearly stated that it is a Chutiya character. It is the Chutiya audience who is glorified.
Yes right North India is hell on earth. South India is heaven on earth. Proud to be a South Indian. Hate north india
Is she a woman or some witch?
Hollywood is more complex. In the late 80s and 90s, the female character in the films is represented as nothing more than sex objects. Hollywood movies more walger production. Even today Americans are not very interested in Frumley-oriented films that is why women-centric flims fail at the box office. Like the character, Preeti can be seen in Hollywood movies like Bela Se, Anastasia Twilight with Fifty Shades of Gray. This woman is not standing, nor is she often under PF influence of her male colleagues. This is how girls exist. The Kabir Singh film was the only audience in the south. The problem with the film became controversial in the north. There are plenty of films released with more sexual assault and violations. Kabir Singh So why is everyone after Kabir Singh. Movies do not encourage violence, their violence is happening in the real world too. The Flem is a media that represents the audience to perform this type of violence that is found. Individuals with mental issues also deal with violent film effects. It is not right to blame the film for mental issues.
Because husband of false file cases his parents..the desire to lose salary his loss? Newly? Indian government?
Crazy Fringe of the Far Left ....... A Waco
This fucking truth which is the drama of today's generation… .. 😡
We all knew that the film was a little over the top. The main issue was selective outrage from the feminist brigade. They critique and discourage some of the films as the main and malevolent male main characters of the grandson. But at the same time they encourage toxic female behavior in films. Who treated dog shit as their male counterparts. We had to somehow defend Kabir Singh. There was no other way around
@Davanshu dodia really ...... what is her problem with leela, four more shots ....... just watch a movie and enjoy it
Where is the review? You are completely right but talk about the film, the acting and the direction.
True, Kabir Singh is such a garbage film …… I really judge whoever likes this film
I can not understand why some people are interested in homosexuals 😂 let them live their lives and you live your
Boots = Runun Mondol
Kabir Singh was a well-made film in terms of all crafts. Principles and art Dumbos are not to be seen together.
@Filmy Junkies Some times I also disagree with Prateik (eg. Rani movie), but almost every time he is honest .. I follow Prateik because he is honest and his reviews are unbiased .... we are like him and More people are needed, Vivek Agnihotri, Anupam Kher ji, Sadhguru etc… These people are doing very well by instilling Indianness among fellow Indians. And yes entertainment always wins… no matter what Librand says, fake feminists.
The right brother. He has some serious issues with feminism.
The worst was that despite knowing that his drug, drinking and anger problems, his friend, Lol offers his sister for marriage! Apparently friends are more important than blood relations. She also rubs him for the friend anyway, who behaves like him. Any decent brother would not want his sister to marry such a man.
You are here to justify the characters, not to review the film, the actor's performance, direction, etc. Do not drag feminist and liberal issues everywhere.
Faek bong men
Chutia Movie..Sheed Bethichhod only cares about sex .. Kiara also has only want sex .. Jatu movie
Bollywood Movie Makers: Copy +, Paste = Profit and Make Indians Chutiya Oh! They already are .. just to give them a copy paste and these idiots would laugh like a negha in the theater.
Horrible
Kabir is the most disturbing character I have ever seen, a film without a story line!
Penises should be cut into those criminals
These crimes make them short films so cheap India and cheap likes their movies
In fact ... You tried to analyze the cinematography of the film Joker and so on. Very sympathetic to the character ... If someone like a depressed person got inspired by this film and then what? .... stop this overraction kills a person and try to see Kabir Singh from a technical point of view like what u did for Joker .. Don't give lectures on how the character should behave in the film. Took medicines like Kabir and left Preeti, he is not responsible .. closed F. .. UP. Sandeep Wanga is going to direct a crime film .. How to prepare some points on the characters that behave from the upcoming film and should send it to Sandeep ... Stupid ...
So you seriously went from women who do not like women who want to film plunge into equality and right liberalism ??? Wow and confirmed to all by myself that the rape charges on army men are all that wrong! I am not saying I want this to happen or not but wow Mr_three_ed_Raven you confirm this! Thank you
What they were doing at the beginning of the video is very natural and cultural. This proves how pathetic and uneducated this country is. Grow up aswell or just ask the British to come back and educate you. Stupid snake charmer
A hole
Everyone knows what the agenda is of Arundhati Roy, like acting Rok you feel like people have faith in democracy. And for heaven's sake, a call a hoe hoe. What I find entertaining is that even journalists have their prejudices, whether from left, right or center, we need to open a channel and let us know what to expect, please give this news to anchor and not change opinion People have high hopes on Lallantop.
Dada Runun Mondol Map er Barrer Mal .... Ok Nye Alokona Kora Time Baker Tai Nosto Kora ..... Chara R Ki 6 U Noy
Disliked 154 Gaylord videos ....
@Danny norades actually i was unable to express my feelings with my commentary i hate veere di wedging more than kabir singh..avan hath but neither wad was able to garner such a box office collection and bad Kind of was roasted by almost every other movie review but Kabir Singh was a major commercial success, and received mixed reviews whether it was toxic or not and was given a love story..and an outlook as I was in a school I read, I have come across so many co-students, who have understood Kabir Singh as a true lover, that is why my reason for being afraid is not
Respect others ..
I have been following you since then, but today I would like to ask. Have you influenced Kashyap films like Vassipur Gangs of Bol Vashipur in the same way (Gul Galloch language) since you are very begging or Anurag? It is not acceptable that you speak in this way to teach us your calm for these communication etiquettes.
Feminist women and men have equal rights, why people take it the wrong way
Liberals have rights, others are wrong ??????? 4
But the way you talk is much stricter and much * d * than Kabir Singh… yes I agree to some extent
He is worth it! Hope he burns in hell for this guy… thought empty though… his life is bad :(
Yes sir ur right, even i know about some feminist liberal Yutube channel. Any one who saw Arjun Reddy or Kabir Singh the director tried to keep it raw. He clearly did not try to portray an ideal hero hero in this film, has many flaws and that is the specialty of this film. Liberals cannot win elections nor can they be influenced by their partisan review. Public is all people
And talk about the real man? Do you mean the real man does not cry or does not feel painful from a harmful situation? Are these things not clear? You just don't like playing the character and you're making a blanket opinion.
I will be with you on this ..
** Korean dramas are way better and logical than Kabir Singh **
One thing is clear. Criminals are not born, they are produced through legal means of terrorism. Any innocent person who has been victimized due to misuse can become law. The law system can be amended, otherwise every new one is needed because a cursed child born in India can be called this system. You never know that a child can suffer because of legal terrorism. America has given guidelines for its citizens (NRIs) that some things have to be careful when you are going to India. The eye is called this human honor.
Arundhati Roy is a woman. If census people come to him, he should tell him the name "Kungfu Kutia" not "Kungfu Kuta". At least one should have knowledge of gender.
@ S Srikanth Patnaik Having a sick mindset and understanding of reality are two different things my friend. In a society where patriarchal values ​​are deeply rooted and nurtured by young men with a sense of superiority, their psyche about female psyche is already distorted, plus most people don't have first-hand experience in interactions with girls is. Where do they want to learn then? The film R. one of these sources Tell me, if u were to get the end of unwanted and obsessive love on women, will u accept it just because men are crazy about u? I am not saying that Kabir Singh is a bad film, I am saying that everyone will take the right message from it.
Runun's Family - Attitude of Runu's Family = 0
The problem of love was a lie even before my love of fact broke me. Random slaps are not coming from a woman or man is heroic and there is no consensus on knife point.
Dislikes are coming, dislikes are coming! I am enjoying this hate in this film, that hate is what keeps us driving to make more videos like this and enjoy these Feminists and Liberated rage and jealousy.
Liberal but the cinema effect is not so-called so I am not trying to be feminist or young… I do not say dark character films but should not be shown in the show its results are also essential… problem with Kabir Singh Character has to do with negativity, but people buy into negativity. People are promoting him as a hero and he is glorified as an inspiration! Kabir treated Peeti as his toy, his 'captive'. At some point Kabir asks Preeti to give her her consent about his forcing her to be in a relationship with him, which may mislead many people, even many of the girls will also find it cute .. Imagine a Kabir Singh in your life !!! My problem is not with the film or the character, but the character is real. It is real life, which can lead to the birth of so many Kabir Singh's retrograde to society. Character is a romantic lead who is dangerous if subjugated Celebrated real life, people are finding their actions, its abuse, hushed anger cool .. His negativity is celebrated but he is really wrong .. His character is so real that it could provoke men in our country .. Kabir Singh is a masterpiece, the acting is brilliant, but in reality I do not support such a person, but today's youth especially boys will consider this cool and who is a threat to the heroic .. You guys my opinion ... Even if there is any problem with the watch episode, 'Satyamev Jayate' on manhood ... maybe it can open its eyes.
I am a doctor and I have come across many gay men as my patients… all those are more colleagues… I could not find a single man up till now… So this is a good Decision will not be made to join them in the Indian Army… otherwise those gays and lesbians will get only their new allies there and it will destroy the indiscipline of the Indian Army…
Viziant Cinema has never touched Bollywood like Satyajit Ray ..
He wants to hinder the system and then ask why there are loopholes in the system. Shame on the so-called "intellectuals".
I think Bollywood people feel threatened by South Indian filmmakers… so they comment nonsensical stuff
@Nitya SG Yes I know therefore that I did not care much about the film other than just domestic violence or harassment but yes just about there being nothing for the protagonist being angry and that .. with it Ruining your life !! Anyway good u deemed it as biased people with its proper ideology there fight with siblings but not with our counterpart whom we are in relationship with which i do not understand as both r loved ones and us Maybe but as long as there is understanding we want
Sir happy movie review instead of talking about librarals
Love you Prateek sir. We as feminists need this answer. Respect has increased towards you.
How can anyone make this material idiots
shame shame........
It is a shameful thing!! Stop putting the wrong light in America. We never love a man for a woman. You bastards!
This is more why I don't watch Bollywood ... Completely garbage ... Hollywood Bollywood better than the reason they gives us interstellar type solid film matrix.
Fagot is a hell
Those anti-Hindus who held Hindus r silent when Dhrit comes out> Any rape was taken on Asifa! Hindus are not guilty! The temple was a lie! [#Bollywood] (Hup: //w.yutube.com/results? Search_query =% 23Bollywood) Wounds Pakistan says take orders!
This hero (?) Is from Tamil Nadu?
like for like. U destroy one's present and future, u must bear the brunt. Section 498A is a double-edged sword with good intentions but being used in bad motives.
Shut up ... LGBT is the pinnacle of stupidity .....
Preeti is an ideal woman according to every Kabir Singh out there. No wonder the dumb director wrote him this way. Then she is surprised why feminists are angry!
Yes, you don't appreciate that, but that's the story. The film cannot be done about an ideal man and a perfect woman. There have been weaknesses, goodness, villains, climax make it all a good film. Otherwise who would want to see a normal life. These are stories about the broken man who is crazy and that is his character who played Shahid so well. He started staying away from them due to his insanity. He forgives her when he slaps her like 5 times.
Not your thoughts…. Globally…. Fra are a woman…
Why? People bring religion here, logic is there is no life making sick low life persons, so they stick their nose in other people's business.
The minister and his home minister are commenting on Arundhati Roy's remarks based on contradictory statements made by the Prime Minister. Saurabh, Ms. Roy has neither Prime Minister of India nor Home Minister. Since the people of this country are losing their faith in this Modi government, their decisions are based on creating confusion in our lives. In case, you are a true journalist, you should be sitting on the people to ask questions such as the Prime Minister, HM or Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, who have no faith in the democratical values ​​of the Constitution.
Smarter mad woman than
Brother, I am seeing yo for the first time and you are not belive that you were looking like you know the enemy villain.
It has been said by many of the intellectuals if you really wanted to be rather a film than a curse movement and also know people in the United States and Korean language take the film industry where the content is more developed and films only do something. There are high content we use to look at and low content we also do not talk about. The so-called film makers are better off speaking to the Bakgodi movement starting with their own followers. Otherwise you were so upset in this video. Thank you
They are portraying Shahid as a man who drinks all day and is making him look like as cool as possible, dude if u are going to drink that much u will look like a beggar or most likely within a week Die
[09:29] (haps: //w.yutube.com/watch? V = n_zmqmjos 0 & t = 9m 29s) So true .. this is nothing to do with a woman's life just one character of a hero's life.
The director is Homophobe. Roast movie ever.
Moderate? Dude Yu embarrassed herself in this video. I have not seen the film. If so, then this film's good Idk. But u have embarrassed myself seriously dont talk about dont know anything in relation to those topics. I'm not a feminist
Hate ads between videos ... 😏
Kabir Singh on giving more thoughts or reviews and publicity..it already stop too much .. it got enough .. it is not worth giving so much importance
Who is he going to ..... He may have escaped from some mental hospital ...
So to kill these bastards…
This is Kali Yuga .... disguised and fake Liberal women digging their graves ......
The same is true एक a bunch of the most sentimental illiterates of Indians have fallen in love with their reaction to a random foreign Shitty Bollywood movies 😂😂 and a group of 3 villagers have been in the # 1 trend on YouTube since the last 3 days. These Killers Grace of Indians 4
And what about the life of the woman? He left her, but she is the man! His body does not get affected after sex! Even after leaving her boyfriend one she still went to various girls .. but what about her? She was giving birth to a child ... all this nutrition alone. And then the woman destroyed her life that still film protégés and she loses everything!
This is the result of a false dowry case. Andhra Pradesh in India is the state that has the dubious distinction of being the worst abusers of 498a. Most of the false cases are registered on Andhra Pradesh.
I am 13 reasons why these days and Indians can see this kind of nice show or movie to do. It was such a good experience, it was so deep that I don't know when I will get over this series and I hope that time does not come.
Dear YouTube, Please develop some ways so that we can give more than one video to something like ..... I was in dire need of giving more than one like here ... because this guy understood me Looks to do and he leaves unturned to expose a stone made shallow and misinterpreted valor ...!
So now boys will get raped in India too ??
It did not know any things related to the case of Encore and this TV news channel army and Kashmir, it always bring unnecessary drama.
@Reishita Pandey These people do not know the meaning of feminism. In simple terms, this means equality. We are not the property of anyone. Thank you.
Kabir Singh is a chutiya in real life
This is not a film review. This is a publicity.
Typical feminists are only 20 percent .... why give them so much importance ..... you don't make them think you are glorifying the symbol ..... we can't ignore them .. Because they are not representing India .......
Some people are just like the damn ideological mill in some films, they are going to add to secondary education.
What the fuck are Neha and Phobia talking about?
Krishna Kumar Singh did not promote his character at all in this film. His father stopped talking to him while Grandma did not want to see him that way. Only his friends and brothers wanted to save him from his disastrous life. The hospital was against him and he took responsibility for his drinking and told the truth so I do not know what you mean by promoting his behavior. This is a film and it is different types of character in the world and what they are trying to show. The story of a broken man that needs saving. In the end, he takes responsibility.
Recent protests and glimpses of civil war that could begin in the next 10 years .. 1 \. What is the degree of Hindu's preparation? 2 \. The BJP government is important to curb jihad in the state. 3.Nia needs to abolish directors of such show .. but Hindu is worried about 100 rupees onion, free electricity, GST ..
Contemporary feminist such a comfortable life is the time that lives like manspreading and the characters of the film are going to be overly masculine to complain about such trivial nonsense. And if he wanted to make a video to talk about the film, let it down that people would stop watching it. The creators of the hard work put in for it and cared about a female host No his channel would laugh about it and so would his audience. But I am the one who is sexist if I complain about it because according to feminist theory, I am privileged and the power structure gives benefits to men. What advantages? They cannot say that. And because of this power structure, gender discrimination does not exist towards men. According to feminism, I am very privileged that I am not even right to talk about gender issues. All of my opinions are automatically invalid because I am a man. I am a man - I am evil, I am disposable, I am privileged. The thing I really care about is gender equality. I will gladly point out the actual gender discrimination when I see it being done against women, something that is being perpetrated by someone when it comes to being ignored by the new wave feminists Baflingai. But feminists do not favor. Their legend is that I am the cause of all the problems in the world and I have to make a sacrifice necessary to be the one to change, and to give them more and more because of this imaginary stand called "patriarchy" which they They claim that all systemic benefits in society. The concept of a patriarchy is essential to their ideology and this core ideology comes to me as tyrannical and villainous and I am sick of it. I'm not a catcaller, I'm not a wife beater, and I'm not a rapist. But I am held accountable for the actions of some men who do these things and that is nonsense. And this is exactly the type of crap being perpetrated by many social media sites and Youtube channels - the idea is that men, the problem is that we should be ashamed of what we are doing and that masculinity is toxic and stamped out. Needs to happen. Feminists can claim that they do not hate men, but speak louder than action words. You call yourself a feminist but if you agree that all of the things that I have talked about are wrong, then you need to stop calling yourself a feminist. You don't need to call yourself a feminist to be an advocate for equality. Feminism does not have so much to think as they monopolize choice. And if you truly value equality, you will drop the feminist label and stop trying to save it because it is - destructive, divisive, counter-intuitive, and over-implied lies and misinformation. Feminism is nonsense and it is unfit to be respected.
@Shashank Singh Till then the same logic films like lipstick under Borkha or Veer bhi nirai d .. should not be done right coz it promotes misandric attitude among woman. ..
He is a sensible person he does not want to break India….
Kabir Singh is a black spot on Shahid Kapoor's career. Following cult films like Udta Punjab and Haider. We had a lot of expectations from him. But disappointed.
The more scary fact is that people have really liked the film. I fully appreciate Shahid's acting but the message and the stoy which this film is ... Man is this venomous but youngsters in India will soon become Kabir Singh terrible .....
This is nonsense
Pseudo feminism is a trend ..... and real feminism has become a myth
We need some sense we need a new Bollywood and other industry than Hollywood.
Good women are recklessly converted into evil by Indian law
To become famous a film also needs to be entertaining… if ..it would be released are a big flop
Kabir Singh completely unconscious film on everyone .... like the agreed people here
@ Tarun Verma I don't know which woman u have seen !!! At least one person is required to have consent
Some people don't like the good things about them. Don't like who reacts negatively.
Brother, you have been a savior for this generation
I am not a feminist ... I love lust stories, 4 more shots happy, D D love D, Amsterdam doing marriage ... not so much hate. I also hate extra-marital, pre-marital sex. But I'm really disappointed with that scene 1. When his father sees him on the roof. 2. When he tells his parents that they have done this many times. 3. When he tells his father that he is in his so-called "private space". We are not supposed to do things like this in front of our parents, girls or boys… it is the same for everyone.
I watched the movie with my family last week and it was considered a complete waste of my time. The film was no story, the acting was poor, and in the end it promoted a negative message that his can completely destroy his life for a person and still come out a winner. Utter nonsense. I give it 1/10 at best.
@Pratik Tripathi I am not too serious about my existent sister
Big salute to Jahagirbhai, but the quick death of it, he must kill his wife and brother in law and leave his parents alive and suffer that desire and be a great lesson for them.
The author has created a monster character and he is not a good boy at all but the worst thing is that he was rewarded with a girl
This is the result of a false dowry case salute that Guess. He took a good step
A rape scene is shown in the film, Feminist and Liberals can fall asleep. So-called items with very strange, cheap words do not come to their notice,
Such a stupid short film! Negative 👎 Impact on Gay Community
Prateek Sahab please make a video on how India is being ruined by marriages. Laws brought by feminists like IPC 498A, DV laws etc. How these maintenance provisions are used is how husbands and their families are harassed. Please check the misuse of IPC 498A. And how some NGOs and lawyers are lobbying to bring ruined marriage and law for troubled men
99% of Bollywood movies will be illogical
Roasted Great Roast I Have Ever Seen
Whatever you said is correct and 100% correct, we Indians have not yet developed into a society where people can truly practice their thoughts. 2-5 years old girls are being raped in this country. Colleges are filled with 10-20 goons. There is nothing wrong with the film, you and I know the message that explains our youth. I have two friends who commit suicide for love in college. "Tere Naam" is either a distant memory either
Worst video
Hitesh Kumar Our country is full of feminists, some of them hide face there and mask the gender equality.
This man is crazy ... there is no basic understanding ...
Of course the acting is nonsense but the message is jaggery
Bollywood is not even close to reality
Where these feminists were when a web series called 'Four more shots' was a dialogue 'Men are like condoms' ..
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh agenda is the opposite option
It is one of the top Chutiya movie from Kabir Singh Felt Hai from the first time. Worst movie above. But I'm shocked to see the men react. They think it is the best. This is the way most of the Indian people are. Fucker
Now-a-days we are nearing the day of judgment in the name of a feminist who is doing bad work
And yes movies affect human behavior, especially if it is that human is an Indian. Long back there was a case in Australia where a man of Indian origin was charged for stalking and harassing a woman. He told the court that he learned all that Bollywood films and from the court, found that Bollywood does but painting men and women in such a toxic manner, buried him. Yes, movies affect our behavior.
Four more shots was disappointing .. I don't understand how people can like such nonsense .. I saw Arjun instead of Reddy when Kabir Singh was released. I thoroughly enjoyed the film. The acting was superb with Vijay and Shalini. Actually Bollywood can not even have a very good story that they come up with end making remake. What the fuck makes Bollywood like Soti 2, Race 3, Dhamaal Namaste England etc. any story is just glamor and sex talks all that.
I think this is not only a film review lecture on feminism ... 🤐🤐🤐
Brothers living are not only uneducated. They are doing what countless people see is truly illiterate, but still they know how to honor people especially those who helped them. So i hope u got it.
This Arundhati Roy, I hope caters to 'Ranga and Billa' type criminals, then she must have gone for good. And this time the pair's offense will be praised.
I hate people who abuse LGBT
I'm not that kind of a girl that I don't like .. dialog of this is not a great thing
I hated this film to the core. Because people were all making out Arjun Reddy / Kabir Singh as the hero and self-destructive habits he overlooked, in a way validated them. But to explain the way you have tried, I want every viewer to take a note of this. Kabir Singh said that there is an imperfect human and we should realize every bad habit of ourselves as bad and good traits about him should be greatly appreciated. Considering him is so great, preaching him as a manly dude is in him in a way and because of this I have every wrong thing in the veil was very uncomfortable. I can't see youth taking inspiration from this and getting into drinking or drugs. It was behind any liberal or feminist agenda. So not every part is about liberalism or feminism.
Well why can't u understand that a guy can live however he wants, I will wear t-shirts and shorts for jobs instead of formal shirts as what we can be comfortable and why a man not topper It is possible? I pumped and dumped girls by consent never got less than 75% ever, well been respected like seniors in those days so teachers and could do whatever they wanted to do with juniors This is why Junior is treated like this in this film
The review is realistic but abuses using close. Do not use the way in the streets of mother and sister, that you too should not respect women.
Sir, u know when you made the list of best inspirational movies from your perspective, there was not a single film from bollywood that means how stories and morals suck with bollywood
Kabir Singh 'Inspired Man Kills Woman <Hp: //v2.co./ji4ji5 Nq == / 81> See how a man is so inspired by "Kabir Singh" personality.
Rubbish
@ Manikarnika Kashmir focus on basic issues like medical facilities jobs, education, GDP not on religious discrimination
According to Rajdeep, freedom of expression is for every citizen. But not applicable to General Rawat of the army. 4
Very good sir truth, this liberal has no respect there
R Way Nayak And Heroine, How Strange They Ravish Su !!! From India
Crap video .... it's completely wrong
Mental illnesses
Like all producers…. . . Bhoan ...
Not disliked, unsubscribed. Oh wait, I was not subscribed.
Bull shit
Do not use inflated words.
1.4 Dislikes, Ong !! Feminists and liberals are triggering a lot of change
Kunfu coming from China and dog coming from Pakistan ..
@ Neil Captain War was terrible general trash
With all due respect sir, I do not agree with you. I hope you take my opinion and provide positive feedback. Many things are doing something wrong with this film like traces of Kabir Singh without asking him as Preeti in his field, we are all taught people not to ask girls properly. There are many people who think that it is not right to act this way, because Preity is not a problem. But what if a woman says no, people will take on their ego and harass a girl until she says yes. I sisters have faced this. It sends a very wrong message, and people learn this indirectly. This is why everyone is fighting for it. This is a lot of things wrong with other films too, but let's not bring that and protect this movie. Lets do the exact stuff if something is wrong to get better material that can be entertaining.
People can criticize Prateik Borade by saying that he takes films too seriously and always talks about ideology instead of focusing on technical aspects. But ideology is the most important thing. People in India are influenced by films more than anything else. So if a film is trying to promote negativity in society subliminally or it should be openly called out and openly criticized. Some people will say "oh this is just a movie." But many people DO take these films seriously as well as change it affects their lives. So I disagree with Prateik about some films, I highly respect what he does. Filmmakers should not be allowed to make whatever nonsense they want to manipulate the minds of the youth, just in the name of artistic freedom!
